Update `sandbox` keyword descriptions (#23622)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-security-policy/sandbox/index.md

where `<value>` can optionally be one of the following values:

- `allow-downloads`

>   - : This value allows you to download files through an {{HTMLElement("a")}} or {{HTMLElement("area")}} element with the [download](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-download) attribute, as well as through the navigation that leads to a download of a file. This works regardless of whether the user clicked on the link, or JS code initiated it without user interaction.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
  - : Allows downloading files through an {{HTMLElement("a")}} or {{HTMLElement("area")}} element with the [download](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-download) attribute, as well as through the navigation that leads to a download of a file. This works regardless of whether the user clicked on the link, or JS code initiated it without user interaction.
```
